Add projects/extensions (#368)
carlosperate/awesome-microbit: README.md

- [DIY Educational micro:bit Robot](https://www.instructables.com/id/DIY-Educational-Microbit-Robot/) - Building a relatively accessible, capable and cheap robot. Two variants provided with different sensors and example code for MakeCode and MicroPython.
- [MIDI CC Wireless Controller](https://www.instructables.com/id/Microbit-Midi-CC-Wireless-Controller/) - A wireless MIDI CC controller, allowing you to use your micro:bit as a MIDI controller and connect it to your favourite music production software.
- [Smart Garden Ornaments](https://github.com/jimbobbennett/smart-garden-ornaments) - Track things happening in your garden, neighbourhood, or school using smart ornaments with the BBC micro:bit, Raspberry Pi, and a cloud-based IoT service.

> - [microbit-node-and-spotify(Mac)](https://www.hackster.io/samelhusseini/micro-bit-spotify-mac-5ac6d7)[Windows](https://www.hackster.io/samelhusseini/microbit-spotify-windows-8a8551) - Allows you to control a Spotify playlist with 2 micro:bits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [micro:bit + Spotify (macOS)](https://www.hackster.io/samelhusseini/micro-bit-spotify-mac-5ac6d7) - ([Windows version](https://www.hackster.io/samelhusseini/microbit-spotify-windows-8a8551)) Allows you to control a Spotify playlist with 2 micro:bits.
```

- [Electromaker micro:bit projects](https://www.electromaker.io/projects?platform=microbit) - All the micro:bit projects posted to Electromaker, a platform for makers to showcase their projects.
- [Saturday Science & BBC micro:bits](https://saturdayscience.org/bbc-microbit/) - Practical science and engineering projects with the micro:bit, explore physical properties with cool experiments.
- [Maker Pro micro:bit Projects & Tutorials](https://maker.pro/microbit) - The micro:bit section of Maker Pro, a place for makers to share designs, collaborate, and learn how to take your product to market.
- [microbit-node-and-spotify(Mac)](https://www.hackster.io/samelhusseini/micro-bit-spotify-mac-5ac6d7) - Allows you to control a Spotify playlist with 2 micro:bits on Mac.

> - [microbit-node-and-spotify(Windows)](https://www.hackster.io/samelhusseini/microbit-spotify-windows-8a8551) - Allows you to control a Spotify playlist with 2 micro:bits on Windows.

Reviewer: As mentioned in https://github.com/carlosperate/awesome-microbit/pull/368#issuecomment-673533506, could you combine these two into one?

Author: I'll have a try. I id it like that as they have different links.

- [Saturday Science & BBC micro:bits](https://saturdayscience.org/bbc-microbit/) - Practical science and engineering projects with the micro:bit, explore physical properties with cool experiments.
- [Maker Pro micro:bit Projects & Tutorials](https://maker.pro/microbit) - The micro:bit section of Maker Pro, a place for makers to share designs, collaborate, and learn how to take your product to market.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

There was two new lines before the Articles section, now there is only one blank line in this PR. So we need to add an extra line.

Author: Done.

> 

Reviewer: Could you restore this line back please?

Author: Sorry, but what do you mean?
